GLT-3646-SAML-Authentication-miso (#3222)
miso-lims/miso-lims: docs/admin/baremetal-installation-guide.md

`security.ldap.stripRolePrefix` to the value `MISO_` to allow MISO to ignore the
prefix.

For using SAML single sign-on, set the security method to `saml`. Additional
SAML settings are needed in `security.properties`, including:

* `security.saml.sp.registrationId`
* `security.saml.idp.metadataUrl`
* `security.saml.sp.privateKey`
* `security.saml.sp.certificate`
* `security.saml.usernameAttribute`
* `security.saml.firstNameAttribute`
* `security.saml.lastNameAttribute`
* `security.saml.emailAttribute`
* `security.saml.rolesAttribute`
* `security.saml.internalRoleName`

> * `security.saml.adminRoleName`

Reviewer: This list is not really helpful since the example file should be copied

Author: I’ll remove the property name list and instead direct readers to copy the example security.properties and update the SAML values there

The identity provider metadata URL should point to the SAML metadata published
by your identity provider. The SP private key and certificate are used by MISO
to sign SAML messages. The attribute properties tell MISO which SAML assertion
attributes to use for the user's login name, full name, email, and roles.

MISO requires one role for regular users and optionally one for administrators.
These are configured using `security.saml.internalRoleName` and
`security.saml.adminRoleName`. The SAML assertion must contain those exact role
names in the attribute configured by `security.saml.rolesAttribute`.

After configuring SAML, restart Tomcat and open the MISO service provider
metadata URL at:

> `http://localhost:8080/saml2/service-provider-metadata/<registrationId>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When MISO is running, you can access the MISO service provider
metadata at:

`https://<miso-base-url>/saml2/service-provider-metadata/<registrationId>`
```
